[Peter] The FBI raided my house
when I was 16.
They suspected my father.
My daughter was kidnapped.
The Secret Service have identified
a person of interest.
His name is Peter Sutherland, Jr.
[man] Hey!
[ominous music playing]
[Erik] Secret Service.
-What's your relation to Peter?
-Godson.
Peter's not someone who just kidnaps
the vice president's daughter.
Remember the first time
I called Night Action?
You told me to fight like hell,
and that's what
I need you to do right now.
There is no way
that I'm borrowing this now.
It's just one night. It's fine.
[Maddie screaming]
Who are you? What is this all about?
-Revenge.
-[Maddie] It's my dad, isn't it?
I fucking hate my father.
[Diane] If the kidnapper tells her,
even if we get her back safely, what then?
-I can-- I can control her.
-Can you?
Yes, as I always have.
There's gonna be another attack.
My aunt said there was only seven days
till it goes down.
-[Diane] Valerie.
-Ma'am?
We get bullet points
for the Omar Zadar briefing at three?
POTUS said to skip this one.
Between you and me,
I'm thinking of a personnel change.
-Is that right?
-All that matters is finding Maddie.
There is no boss, just partners.
Worley worked as a security guard
for the past six months.
All these companies have warehouses
within a mile of the D.C. Container Depot.
He's holding Maddie
at the D.C. Container Depot.
Tell me where Peter Sutherland is.
I'll make you a deal.
I know who Maddie Redfield's kidnapper is.
You take care of him,
and I'll locate Sutherland for you.
[Maddie panting]
[gun firing]
-[gun firing]
-[Erik grunting]
[Rose] Hey!
[music fades]
[ominous music playing]
[anchor] Police and federal agents
are investigating this
as a potential terrorist attack.
Meanwhile,
I can see a number of ambulances
outside the metro station entrance,
where paramedics are treating
the injured, including one child.
There are unconfirmed reports
of at least one death--
Yeah?
[Valerie] Willett and Hawkins
are already in the Situation Room.
POTUS is 20 minutes out.
-I'm five minutes away. Don't--
-[phone beeping]
Hold on a sec.
Hello?
[Redfield] We need to talk, Diane.
Whatever you wanna bitch about
can wait, Ashley.
I don't know if you heard,
but the country was just attacked.
[Redfield] That's what
I wanna talk to you about.
-[Diane] Where is he?
-[man] Ma'am.
All right, I'm here. Start talking.
Diane, this is Gordon Wick.
I know who he is.
What the fuck did you two do?
[Redfield] It had to be done.
In what world did you have to bomb
a metro car full of American citizens
to assassinate a foreign politician
on U.S. soil?
The courthouse explosions in 2014,
the bus attacks in 2016.
Omar Zadar can deny
his involvement all he wants,
but we know he's a terrorist.
That's what they called Mandela
once upon a time.
Believe me, he's no Mandela.
Better than the maniac
they currently have in power there.
That maniac is the devil we know.
You mean the devil who pays you
billions in military contracts.
This is more than just business.
We have 50 warheads stationed in country.
What happens if Zadar
seizes those weapons?
What then?
I tried to talk sense into the president,
she wouldn't listen.
We had to try.
Why are you telling me all this?
Because mistakes were made,
and if there's an investigation--
Of course there's going to be
an investigation.
And if it uncovers our involvement,
the whole administration is in jeopardy,
especially the president.
Over my dead body, you motherfucker!
Travers' plans for energy,
trade, the Jobs Act…
it's all dead.
If every single one
of her administration is subpoenaed
and dragged to the Hill to testify--
You're trying to use
my loyalty to POTUS to save yourself.
-No, no, to save us all, Diane.
-[tense music playing]
Think about it.
If my head rolls, so does Michelle's.
So does yours.
That's why we need you now.
I need a minute… alone.
Of course.
That's fine. We'll step out.
Take all the time you need.
[door opening]
[Diane seething]
[inaudible]
[breath shuddering]
[Diane sniffling]
[Diane] Here's what we're gonna do.
[opening theme music playing]
[Rose groaning]
[Rose breathing heavily]
[cell phone vibrating]
[suspenseful music playing]
-[Rose] Peter.
-[Peter] Yeah.
-You okay?
-[Rose] Yeah.
[cell phone vibrating]
Yeah?
You found my guy yet?
[Rose] Mm-hmm.
[Gordon] Really? And the girl?
Yeah, her too.
[Gordon] So, what did you do?
I did what you asked.
Oh, great work.
Get to the safe house ASAP.
Yeah, uh, send me the location.
You should have it.
Uh, my partner handled that stuff.
Your partner?
Right.
What's his name again?
[cell phone beeping]
Fuck. Who was that?
I don't know.
[sirens wailing in distance]
-Hey, come on. We gotta go.
-[Rose] Okay.
Arrington! Hey, we have to go right now.
What? No, I'm not leaving.
My partner was just-- Fuck.
Did my father really do
everything that guy accused him of?
What did he tell you?
He said that Dad
was behind the metro bombing,
and that he tried to cover it up,
and that he killed his brother.
-Is that all true?
-He's involved, yeah.
-Why?
-He was trying to kill Omar Zadar.
When he failed, he blamed it on Zadar.
But your father's
not the only one involved.
It's Diane Farr and a military contractor.
Yeah, Gordon Wick.
He's bankrolled my dad for years.
-We have to go, now.
-I'm not leaving him.
They're preparing another attack.
We have less than 24 hours to stop it.
And if we don't, if we get caught now,
more people are gonna die.
I can't.
Well, I could help.
If I'm rescued,
the president will wanna see me,
so will Almora, Director Willett.
Can I trust them?
Travers, yes. Willett, no idea,
but Almora, I'd, uh, I'd stay away from.
No, Erik trusted Almora.
They used to be partners.
He might be our best bet.
Didn't seem like there was
any love lost between him and Farr.
What if I can get a message
to the president or Mr. Almora
and tell them about my dad, about Farr.
You'd need proof they were involved,
something undeniable.
I found this on the shooter.
Maybe there's something on here.
Okay, they're gonna take my phone.
-No comms until I text you first.
-[Peter] Got it.
I'll explain everything.
Okay?
But for now, you didn't see those two.
You sent me the video.
Erik and I cracked your code,
came looking for you.
-Just the two of us, okay?
-Okay.
Over here! Come on.
It's gonna be okay. Here. Hey, here.
[Maddie crying]
[intense music playing]
[police sirens wailing]
What does undeniable evidence
even look like?
No idea, but I know someone who might.
If it wasn't her on the phone, who was it?
-I don't know.
-[Diane] Okay.
All right. Thank you.
[Diane breathing deeply]
That was Director Willett.
FBI was informed by local P.D.
about shots fired
at the D.C. Container Depot.
They found Maddie and her lead agent,
Chelsea Arrington, alive.
Anything else?
[Diane] Three dead.
The kidnapper,
a male Secret Service agent,
and an unidentified female.
Sorry for your loss.
Maybe it was Arrington
that picked up the phone?
This is a clusterfuck.
[door closing]
Where are you with tomorrow morning?
Good to go.
Zadar's plane lands at 0400
at Joint Base Andrews.
The car will be all set to go.
He'll no longer be a problem.
I need confirmation as soon as it's done.
I can't deal with any more
of your fuckups, Gordon.
[scoffing] 'Cause you're too busy
dealing with your own?
Meaning what?
How are things going in the West Wing
with your pal, Michelle?
-You told him?
-I--
POTUS has her hackles raised.
What's gonna happen
when she starts questioning you?
You let me worry about POTUS.
You let me worry about Zadar.
Enough.
What are we gonna do about Maddie?
We need to figure out exactly
what she and Arrington know,
what they believe.
I'll ride shotgun on Arrington's debrief.
You talk to your daughter.
-Figure out where her head's at.
-Okay.
We'll regroup and figure out
the best way forward.
Open lines of communication
between the three of us lock-fucking-step.
[ominous music playing]
[door opening]
[door closing]
If Diane can't keep POTUS in check,
then she's lost all utility.
[doorbell ringing]
Just a second.
[stove clicking]
Uncle Jim. I know…
I know it's been a while, but, uh,
we need help.
-This is--
-Rose Larkin.
Heard it on the news.
Why don't you come inside?
Come on.
-Head downstairs.
-Thanks.
[lock clicking]
Make yourselves at home.
-Thanks so much for taking us in.
-Not at all.
You guys look like you could use
a doctor, or maybe a shower.
Oh God, yes.
I'll get some towels.
I thought only law enforcement
had phone hackers like that.
I ran a cybersecurity startup.
It was part of my severance package.
[keyboard clacking]
-[Jim] Here you go.
-Thanks.
-Thank you.
-[Jim] The nice shower's upstairs.
-Down the hall and then--
-Last door on the right.
Thanks so much.
So why does the entire world think
my godson kidnapped Maddie Redfield?
[dramatic music playing]
[indistinct police radio chatter]
[EMT] There you go. That should hold it.
-Thank you.
-[EMT] You're welcome.
Here.
It was smart of you.
On the video.
We wouldn't have found you otherwise.
I'm so sorry.
Look at me.
This isn't on you, okay?
I shouldn't have ditched you.
He'd still be alive.
It's not your fault.
[Nathan] Arrington?
Briggs. Where's Almora?
Out of town.
POTUS pulled him on something last-minute.
Miss Redfield, I can't tell you
how relieved we all are
to see you alive and well.
-I need to talk to Almora.
-Absolutely.
But first things first. Gun, badge, phone.
You'll get them back
once you finish your after-action.
Both of you, please follow me.
The VP wants to see his daughter ASAP.
They set up a medical bed
and a team of doctors in the residence.
[Chelsea] And the after-action?
[Nathan] Willett and Farr
have asked to sit in on the debrief.
They're gonna meet us there.
Eager to get you home safe, ma'am.
[tense music playing]
This is everything, right?
Yeah.
It's, uh, circumstantial.
Who else figured out
that it was Rose's aunt and uncle
that were the agents
investigating the metro bombing?
-Who else could've sent the killers?
-Peter.
Look, all we gotta do
is get someone to believe in us.
Someone with enough power
to stop this next attack.
[Jim] I believe you.
I don't know that you have enough
to convince somebody
who wasn't in the hospital waiting room
the day you were born.
What you need are Diane Farr
or the VP's fingerprints on a crime.
Uh, you expecting company?
I wouldn't blame you
if you called the cops on me.
Peter, I know you didn't kidnap that girl.
Everybody else
seems pretty damn sure of it.
-They don't know you like I do.
-Well, you knew my dad.
-You didn't believe him.
-Don't.
You wrote an article on him.
-"My best friend, the traitor."
-I didn't choose that headline.
Look, I'm a writer.
Writing is how I process the world.
No, that's shit.
You didn't have to process
your doubts in print.
People believed you,
and you should've believed him.
[Jim] Listen to me.
You were barely a kid when your mom died,
and a teenager when he died.
So what?
You never got to the stage
where you could see your parents' flaws.
I knew your father. He had plenty of them.
I wish I could believe
in his innocence like you do.
When I find out the truth about my dad,
and I give it to you,
I hope you have the balls to print it.
Nothing could make me happier.
Because maybe then you would realize
that the people who actually
care about you, who love you,
don't give a shit
about whether or not he was innocent,
and they never have.
[knocking on wall]
Um, I cracked the phone.
I might have found something.
Great.
[Jim sighing]
[contemplative music playing]
-You wanna talk about it?
-Not really. What do you got?
Okay. The phone was
practically empty at first,
but I managed to restore
her deleted texts and photos.
-I almost forgot how good I am at this.
-[keyboard clacking]
[Rose] I found these.
That's your aunt.
Yeah, my uncle's in there too,
along with their code names.
I also found these.
That's the Night Action binder.
And there's photos of dozens
of different pages sorted by code name.
I'm assuming that each
belonged to a different night agent.
Wait, wait, wait, these were taken
in the Night Action room.
Do you have a date and time on this?
Um, hold on.
Metadata, here we come.
-Okay…
-[keyboard clacking]
January 9th, 2:37 a.m.
No, that's… that can't be right.
That's my shift.
Wait, uh…
I called in sick that day, actually.
I had food poisoning.
Farr said she'd find a replacement for me.
Okay, well,
who else had access to this room?
Other than me, just two other
phone operators, Farr and Hawkins.
Can we confirm
that Farr took these photos?
We could look
at the White House access logs, yeah.
Basically, any time a badge is scanned
to get into the Night Action room,
it's recorded,
so hers would be on there too.
Well, Farr might have tampered
with the records already.
No, 'cause you can request the logs
from Secret Service,
but the only person who can
manually change the data is Almora.
-Can Chelsea access them?
-[Peter] Maybe.
I don't know. But who knows
the next time she'll try to contact us?
We can't wait for her.
We have to find somebody else
to request the logs.
Preferably someone
that doesn't wanna shoot me on sight.
Kind of narrows down the list.
[crickets chirping]
[cell phone chiming]
Oh, jeez.
My ride's gonna be here any minute.
You have to go.
-I hate to put you out.
-No, no, no, I get it, okay?
I'll head down to the news desk,
start corroborating
everything you've given me.
You find out anything else,
send it my way.
Will do.
Thank you.
[dramatic music playing]
-Keep him safe.
-It's kind of my job now.
[car engine starting]
[Chelsea crying]
[Chelsea sniffling, sobbing]
[door opening, closing]
So no President Travers, no Almora.
What's plan C?
Last time Omar Zadar was in the country,
POTUS gave him a Secret Service detail.
So if he is the target
for tomorrow's attack,
that means he's back in the U.S.
Then she would give him
Secret Service protection again.
I can look up where his detail is,
warn his agents.
I need a phone though.
Don't think I'm getting mine back tonight.
I have an old cell
in a box in the basement.
-We can grab--
-[knocking on door]
You feeling better
now that you're settled?
Yeah.
-It's good to be home.
-[Redfield] Yeah.
You really had me worried.
[unsettling music playing]
Arrington,
Willett and Farr are waiting downstairs.
Does she have to go? I…
I feel safer when she's here.
You're as safe now
as you're ever gonna be,
and I'd like some time just you and me.
I'll be back in a bit.
Let's start.
[Redfield] Did he say why
he did all this to you?
You mean you didn't get the videos?
What videos?
He filmed me a couple times.
Made me accuse you of ridiculous things,
read his demands.
He said he sent them to you.
Maddie, I never got any videos.
If I had, I would have done
whatever he asked.
Anything to get you back.
What did he say about me?
He said you were involved
in the metro bombing last year.
That you killed his brother.
It didn't really make sense.
[Redfield scoffing]
FBI's already pieced together some really
disturbing intel about this guy.
Former military,
history of drug abuse,
his twin brother died last year.
Sounds like it triggered
some kind of psychotic break.
He was really troubled.
Delusional.
Look…
I know I haven't been a perfect father,
or even a… good father.
But this was a wake-up call.
You're all I have left.
My only family.
I love you…
[sniffling] …so much.
I don't know what I would have done if…
I love you too, Dad.
[ominous music playing]
[both chuckling lightly]
[Chelsea] I returned fire.
One of my rounds hit close to the shooter
causing her to lose balance.
She fell over the side
of the loading tower.
When I finally checked on Agent Monks,
he wasn't breathing.
Local police arrived moments later.
I'd like to return
to this video you received
from Miss Redfield on your phone.
The one with the coded message.
What was she saying in this video?
She was accusing her father
of being involved
with the metro bombing from last year.
This kidnapper sounds unhinged.
Still, I'd be curious
to take a look at that.
Nathan?
We'll pull that from Arrington's phone.
Get that to you ASAP.
And what about Peter Sutherland?
What about him?
He's been our primary suspect
in this kidnapping.
An accomplice maybe.
-Any sign of him at the container yard?
-[Chelsea] No.
Maybe you're wrong
about his involvement in all this.
We don't know what we don't know yet.
[Willett clearing throat]
Anything else you'd like to add?
That's all for now then. Thank you.
[tense music playing]
Director Willett,
any headway on Hawkins
or Campbell murders?
Nothing.
Between those two cases and Maddie's,
the whole agency's running on empty.
Now I gotta pull people
to analyze this video.
That's a priority?
This Worley guy sounds delusional.
Colin Worley was on a long list
of suspects in the metro bombing
before we thought he died.
Seriously?
[Willett] I'm interested in anything
he had to say on the matter,
delusional or not.
Lights are still off.
I don't see her car, so…
Give her another 30 minutes.
Hey, you okay?
Yeah, it's nothing.
I don't know, this…
this attack, whatever it is,
it happens tomorrow, right?
Yeah, we think so.
Well, that means 24 hours from now,
it's all gonna be over.
And either we stop it,
or probably gonna get arrested,
or killed.
After we stop it,
what next?
After all the debriefs,
the interviews…
After the conspiracy freaks stalk us.
[Peter chuckling]
After the funerals.
Yeah.
Yeah, after all that.
I don't know.
Well, actually, the first thing I'll do
is take a five-day-long nap.
[both laughing]
Yeah. Yeah, a nap sounds nice.
[Rose] Mmm.
What about after that?
I think I wanna go back.
To California.
I wanna try again.
With your company?
Yeah, well…
New name, new start. [sighing]
Learn from my mistakes.
What about you? Back to Night Action?
[scoffing] No. Fuck no.
[both laughing]
I think one call was enough.
[chuckling] Yeah.
[Peter] I don't know, I…
I think I wanna buy a cabin,
disappear for a bit.
Sounds nice. Where?
[Peter] No idea.
But I hear California's great.
[car approaching]
[Peter] That's her.
[car door opening]
[tense music playing]
[Peter] Go.
[suspenseful music playing]
[Peter] Val.
-Hey.
-Peter, what the fuck?
-Let me explain.
-[Rose] Stop!
From here on,
you do what we fucking tell you.
What?
-I was just moving things along.
-Don't.
Take us up to your place.
Go, come on.
[drawers clattering]
There, sent.
How long will it take?
I don't know.
Hey, there's confidential information
on there.
-I'm counting on it.
-Valerie, let's go.
-Seriously?
-[Peter] Yeah, I'm serious. Come on.
[Valerie's breath shuddering]
Look, I don't have time
to explain right now,
but we're doing the right thing.
-Really?
-[Peter] Yes.
I know how it looks…
but Farr is up to something.
She's the chief of staff.
She's always up to something.
She was behind Rose's aunt and uncle
getting murdered, Val.
Based on what?
You ever think that maybe
you're on the wrong side of this, Peter?
I'm… I'm sorry.
No, don't-- [moaning]
No response?
Not yet, but I found this.
An email from Valerie
to the president's secretary.
Travers disinvited Farr
from a briefing about Omar Zadar today.
Valerie was emailing to figure out why.
-And?
-She never got a reply.
-Hey, Arrington.
-Hey. I need my gun and badge.
Did Briggs authorize that?
He said I'd get them back
after my debrief, so…
Let me just check with him.
Thanks. Take your time.
[mouse clicking]
Where are you, Almora?
What?
Camp David?
[Nathan] It's fine, I'll talk to her.
Arrington.
Hey, just trying to get my gun and badge.
I'd like to get back to guarding Badger.
Right, uh, about that. I talked to Almora.
He said to wait
until he's had a chance to talk to you.
He's busy handing something for POTUS.
He'll be back tomorrow.
You talked to him?
You tell him about Erik?
Yeah. Yeah, he was pretty devastated.
It's a tragedy.
Monks was a great agent.
And even better guy.
[Nathan] Hmm.
[knocking on door]
[Diane] We gotta talk.
[Redfield sighing]
What'd she say?
She said she didn't buy
what he was feeding her.
-And you believe her?
-Not entirely, but she'll be fine.
How about Arrington?
She knows more than she's saying.
And not to add to our problems,
but Willett's already drawn the connection
between Worley and the metro bombing.
[Redfield sighing]
I'll handle it.
How?
Have you even talked to POTUS
after she dropped you
on the Zadar briefing?
We just need to delay a little longer.
Once you guys deal with Zadar,
I'll use the distraction
to handle Arrington and Maddie--
-I said Maddie's fine.
-I know what you said.
I also know you were ready
to confess on national TV,
so you'll excuse me
if I take your assessment
with a giant bucket of salt.
Once POTUS hears Maddie's been found,
she's gonna wanna meet
with her and Arrington.
If either of them says something
they shouldn't, we're all fucked.
I'm sure you understand, Ashley,
why that's just not an option for us.
Let's circle back after tonight.
[Redfield] Mm-hmm.
Have Wick call me
after he's done with Zadar.
I'll be at the White House
to handle the fallout.
[door opening]
[tense music playing]
[Redfield] I hear you about Diane
no longer being useful,
so I'm in,
on one condition.
I'm sorry, Gordon, but this
is the only way you get my cooperation.
She's my daughter.
Yeah, I'll…
I'll get her in line afterward.
What about Sutherland and the niece?
Uh, what if they've told someone?
I guess.
Worst-case,
by tomorrow night,
I can issue pardons all around.
[tense music playing]
[Redfield] Yeah.
[sinister music playing]
Sorry, sir.
Didn't realize you were in here.
That's fine.
Thank you for bringing her back.
Of course.
Just doing my job.
Sir?
POTUS is on the phone.
Keep an eye on her, will you?
[door closing]
Get what you needed?
-You?
-Yeah.
Let's just hope someone listens.
-[Rose] Peter?
-Yeah.
We got the access logs.
[suspenseful music playing]
Six, seven, eight…
Here we go. January 9th, 2:35 a.m.
It was her badge.
It was Farr.
She took the photos
of the Night Action binder.
-That's undeniable.
-Send that to Jim.
-[cell phone vibrating]
-I'm on it.
-[Peter] Hello?
-Peter?
-[Peter] Yeah. Yeah, you two safe?
-We're alive.
We're safe, not so sure.
What about you?
We found information that links Farr
to the murder of Rose's aunt and uncle.
[Chelsea] Holy shit.
I'll send it to you when we hang up.
You talked to POTUS or Almora yet?
They're out of town until tomorrow,
last-minute trip,
and I can't get Almora on his phone.
-What about Zadar's detail?
-The schedule puts him at Blair House.
I called, Blair House says there's
no plans to have anyone there this week.
-Where is he?
-They wouldn't say.
Where else would they be keeping him?
The White House or…
Camp David.
The president's last-minute trip.
She must be meeting Zadar there.
But why wouldn't they update it
on Zadar's schedule?
To hide it from Farr, maybe?
[Chelsea] What?
[Rose] I found an email.
Farr was disinvited to a briefing
about Omar Zadar today.
Maybe POTUS was suspicious about Farr,
moved the location of their meeting
without telling her.
Why would Travers think
that Zadar was in danger?
[Chelsea] Almora must've put
two and two together
when you came to campus asking about
who I was guarding
the day of the metro bombing.
Okay, then maybe Farr and Redfield
have called off the next attack.
They wouldn't seriously be trying
to kill Zadar at Camp David, right?
Not while the president's there.
Maybe they would.
What?
[Maddie] I heard my father on the phone
a few minutes ago.
He made a comment
about pardoning people tomorrow night.
Only the president can issue pardons.
Shit. They're not only trying
to take out Zadar,
they're trying to kill the president.
-[Chelsea] Send me the evidence.
-[Peter] Yeah, keep me posted.
How do we stop this?
There's only one person I know
that can call this off.
Pretty sure Val has a key to her house.
[Ben] You've reached Ben Almora.
Please leave a message.
Going straight to voicemail.
[door knob rattling]
[knocking on door]
[Chelsea] Coming. One second.
[Redfield] Oh.
Good, you're awake.
-We have to go.
-Go where?
Camp David.
President wants to see you… and you.
[unsettling music playing]
[intense suspenseful music playing]
[woman] Mr. Zadar, Secret Service.
Hope you had a good flight.
How far is Camp David?
Just under an hour.
If you'll just follow me, sir.
Osprey's on the move.
All set.
[car engine stalling]
[car chiming]
Everything all right?
[car engine stalling]
[suspenseful music swelling]
[car engine starting]
[sighing]
[Redfield sighing]
[Redfield] Hey, sweetie.
I've never seen those agents before.
[helicopter engine whirring]
[door creaking open]
[Diane sighing]
[keypad beeping]
[lock clicking]
When you see Wick,
tell him I had this message for him.
[Peter] Tell him yourself.
I don't take orders
from you anymore. It's over.
We have evidence that you were involved
in the murder of my aunt and uncle.
Really?
Geotagged photos
of the Night Action binder that you took,
and login records of when you took them.
All the proof is with The Baltimore Sun.
If this is all true,
why are you here, Peter?
To gloat?
It's not a good look.
It doesn't reek of confidence.
Contact Redfield and Wick,
tell them to call off the assassination.
You've come to the wrong person.
I don't know what's happening.
Stop lying.
We know everything.
That you, Redfield, and Wick
were behind the metro bombing,
and that all three of you are planning
on covering up your involvement
by killing Zadar and the president
at Camp David.
-What?
-Call it off.
What are you talking about?
Drop the fucking act.
I'm serious. Why do you think
they're targeting Michelle?
Maddie overheard her father talking about
issuing presidential pardons.
-When?
-A few hours ago.
Redfield and Wick
haven't answered my calls.
Jesus, I thought you two were
Wick's assassins coming to kill me.
-God.
-Who are you calling?
The president. Who the fuck else?
I have to warn her.
[phone line ringing]
[operator] You have reached--
Shit, they must have cut off
communications.
-It's already in motion.
-What is?
Talk.
The attack on Zadar was supposed to happen
this morning when his plane landed,
but it didn't go off.
Redfield and Wick have frozen me out
because they've changed course.
They've pivoted to Michelle without me.
Why?
They knew this is where I'd draw the line,
that I wouldn't allow it.
I would never hurt Michelle Travers.
Everything I've done,
has been to help her,
help this administration,
this country to succeed.
[Peter] Save it.
Help us stop it.
Peter, don't let her fool you again.
Peter.
We're going to Camp David.
[suspenseful music swelling]
You're getting us in.
[music fades]
[ending theme music playing]